# Overview
The artifact that I have chosen for this category is the Inventory App from CS360 Mobile Architect and Programming. The reason that I have chosen to use this app is that the design is clunky and functional at best. The layout for the inventory is hard to read and cluttered. I would like to improve the functionality of the addItem screen and the remove item button.
# Review
The artifact that I have chosen is an inventory management application. It uses an SQLite database and utilizes the CRUD functionalities to maintain an inventory table. The reason that I chose to use this artifact is because I wanted to be able to show that I can improve an already working design to make something better. This application worked correctly and had all the important attributes that you would want in an inventory app. The biggest issue was the way that the data was displayed. It was not spaced off the margins of the screen making some items hard to view on certain displays and it was hard to read after 4 or more items were added into the database. 

I did not completely meet the goals that I originally had set for the course outcomes. I wanted to improve the CRUD methods and fix the table formatting. I still need to work on the table a little bit and I would also like to change the way that the update method works. I ran into some issues with Android Studio that made it difficult to update the table. 

I learned that it is hard to update a project that you are not familiar with. Since I did not leave great comments, and it has been a long period of time since I last worked on this project,  I often had to reread and go through code multiple times to get a better understanding of how each class interacted with one another. I learned the importance of why many small patches are better than a few large patches. 
